earlier this month the UN Human Rights
office received reports of mass
detentions ill treatment and enforced
disappearances of Palestinians in Gaza
hanim Mahmud visited the Abu yusf al-
najer Hospital in Rafa where he spoke to
Palestinians who say they were tortured
by Israeli
forces running for their lives and
seeking refuge in evacuation centers due
to constant and ongoing bombings of
their homes and residential
neighborhoods thousands of Palestinians
were
kidnapped detained and L to undisclosed
areas by the Israeli invading forces Sak
Jamal one of the Thousand Palestinians
kidnapped and detained by the Israeli
invading forces from evacuation centers
he was used as a human shield by the
military as it was conducting Street to
Street and house to house search
released yesterday Sak shared the horror
he and others have experienced in the
Israeli military detention camps as they
were
interrogated according to his testimony
for 40 days he witnessed how
Palestinians dayon suffered from severe
injuries as they were regularly
beaten blindfolded handcuffed and
constantly beaten inside the Israeli
military detention camps we weren't
allowed to speak or to look at anything
if we were caught doing that we'd be
beaten and we get our hands and feet
tied it was cold that took our blankets
away and forced us to stand for too
long for weeks there have been Mass
detention ill treatment and enforce
disappearances of possibly thousand of
Palestinians as the Israeli military
continues to pound the Gaza Strip the
fate of the remaining Palestinians who
were kidnapped remain uncertain hanim
Mahmud Al jazer YF in naar hospital in
Rapa